Who stole the uprock? Who stole the paint?
Who stole the cypher slayers? Who bucked the train?
Who stole the mixtapes? Who stole the fame?
Who stole the cypher slayers? Who bucked the train?
Barnacle on the hull of show business
Vote for auto-dead-horse battery
Murder perfect grown Gerber baby ecosystem
Army green eyes with ColecoVision
Bastions, casualty
While punks jump up to jeopardize my headbanger reality
Godzilla took red five minus the whiny wookie gobble grommets
With a jaw that swivels backwards off the hinges
Molasses married hues on classic fabric
With a corset riddles bastard coughs with rivets
Nerve wracker that pivots
As a dysfunctional dancer in the dark
My chart bomb mechanism ticks adjacent
To the broke city art yester-vision
I missed your god blessed vision
Who rose to expose your tarot
And stop the bong club kids on thumb
I light a little fire, scarecrow
Brainiac dumb dumb bust the duck hunter
I let the fucking dogs out and they're breeding in big numbers
Big numbers
It's sort of earth citizen exes and vexes
Check collector texts by the flex of a messy pegasus
Remarkable but unmarketable, leggo my treasure chest
It's empty but I use it to cradle my true confessions list
Confession one
Aesop was raised in the Colonel Kurtz
Daycare center for disgruntled youth
Where it's brilliant to flee the sheep flock
You're a little teapot homie, please don't feed the pigeons
They're trying to spread their peacock
Feathers and bleed through the system
This goes out to plain-clothed prophets who read through the wisdom
And swore they'd never spend a night asleep in the pigpen
Touch the prickly outer shell of
Reptilian minimal nighttime sea catcher
Twenty thousand league mapper and um
Me and my primitive friends drag our knuckles
And find your upright bipedal walking ugly
I pee in a bag of ballpen from a monkey
Thanks to y'all that came to school
With paint stains on your fingertips
And brought a little life to those Long Island Railroad city trips
Please remember I could build you my friend
And if I'm not happy I'll break you the fuck down and build you again
Who stole the uprock? Who stole the paint?
Who stole the cypher slayers? Who bucked the train?
Who stole the mixtapes? Who stole the fame?
Who stole the cypher slayers? Who bucked the train?
I drag my alligator belly to the brink like hi
I drag my alligator belly back to bed until I die
You've got a metal skull with wires from your heart
And a dead air surplus
Ludicrous
Like labor day bootleggers on some support the movement shit
My practice, life inside a pitch black magic pack of rap brackets
That's tragic, that's a cat back to outrun a pack of rat bastards
That's an earthworm mentality flag captured
Peaceful, television leaves the beach
Droughts on the sofa with an idle motor
They say decrepit is where I'm at, simple
Rock a brain full of bottle rockets
Not a model, not a prophet
Not a duck, got a fuckload of missions here, want 'em?
You could tell your man they came to you in a daydream
And I won't alley back alley cat, past it
Raw, tall glass action
Taller glass for the master
Balderdash backspin
Backtrack, back in effect, back in the clutch
Sitting on this old '98 BFA collecting dust
Slackjaw smiling like a hacksaw at that straw
Spit masterpiece leader meters for critics that suck
You're off track betting on a one trick pony
With pony express delivery delay effects, funny
No that's not funny, city art slaughter ugly
With pins, needles, and duck walks, busted
Sitting at the movies with a large bucket of Xanax
Extra butter and a spring water
Kamikaze Zaxxon flight simulator major
Street pilot directly through the iris
Fuck it, freak the fader on some fly shit
Who stole the uprock? Who stole the paint?
Who stole the cypher slayers? Who bucked the train?
Who stole the mixtapes? Who stole the fame?
Who stole the cypher slayers? Who bucked the train?
Who stole the uprock? Who stole the paint?
Who stole the cypher slayers? Who bucked the train?
Who stole the mixtapes? Who stole the fame?
Who stole the cypher slayers? Who bucked the train?
This is for the prostitute I almost called last night
But didn't, thank you
I don't need any diseases right now
Even if it gives me pleasure for uh, twenty minutes
LP, where the fuck you at?
Yo, L, call that escort service
Tell her yes
That's it
Motherfucker, motherflocker
Make it Asian
The world's gonna end anyway
Now make it Spanish, definitely Spanish
Now make it German
Now make it Latin
Fuck it, if it's got two tits and a vagina, I'll fuck it
It doesn't even have to have two legs at this point
I don't need legs or arms
If she treats me nicely for an hour, it's all good
My mom would be proud
Look what you raised, mom
Are you proud of me?
I'm a rapper
I make good songs, people like me
I can even get hookers to fuck me
Mom, I need two hundred dollars
And uh, don't call me tomorrow night between ten and eleven